Partial Match fixes (#13)
helibproject/HElib: CMakeLists.txt

               -DFETCH_GMP=${FETCH_GMP}
               -DENABLE_TEST=${ENABLE_TEST}
               -DHELIB_DEBUG=${HELIB_DEBUG}
               -DHELIB_CMAKE_EXTRA_DIR=${HELIB_CMAKE_EXTRA_DIR}
               -DHELIB_INCLUDE_DIR=${HELIB_INCLUDE_DIR}
               -DHELIB_HEADER_DIR=${HELIB_HEADER_DIR}
               -DHELIB_SOURCE_DIR=${HELIB_SOURCE_DIR}
               -DHELIB_TESTS_DIR=${HELIB_TESTS_DIR}
    BUILD_ALWAYS ON)

    if (ENABLE_TEST)
      # Tests for PACKAGE_BUILD are located in
      # ${DEPENDENCIES_FOLDER}/Build/helib_external/${HELIB_TEST_BIN_DIR}.

>       # So Update its location and add the tests to cmake avoiding creating

Author: ```suggestion
      # Update its location and add the tests to cmake to avoid re-creating
```
